Showing control here again . Earlier in
the flight , you'll recall at the start
of the 2nd revolution , we had a
reference to , uh , several objects
that the crew spotted . This was in the
area of Antigua . Due to a mechanical
breakdown , we did not have , uh , that
portion of the tape available for you .
This was a line breakdown between
Building 30 and our news center ,
Building 6 . Since
then we have dubbed the tape off the
master tape here in the control center ,
and , uh , we are now prepared to play
it for you . It contains references to
sighting not only some particles , but
as well as an unidentified object .
Uh , plus the booster . Here's that
tape . We'll play it for you now .
loud and clear . 7 , go ahead . I you
Uh This is Houston .
Say it again , 7 .
Roger .
77 , is that the booster or is that an
actual sighting ?
Say again , 7 . The
Right . Uh , do you have any
more information , uh , estimated
distance or size ? side .
I understand you also have the booster
in sight , Roger .
Understand you have many small
particles going by on the left at
what distance ?
Looks like
In Roger , I understand they're about 3
to 4 miles away . to pull
Roger , and understand they were about
3 to 4 miles away . fine .
Hi Roger .
77 Houston , were these particles in
addition to the booster and the , the ,
uh . Bogey at 10 o'clock high .
Hi Roger 7 .
Go ahead . The booster on my side is a
brilliant body in the sun against the
black background and with billions of
particles around it . Hi Roger , what
direction is it from you ? It's about
my 2 o'clock position .
Does that mean it's ahead of you ?
Slowly doubling . Roger .
91 .
What kind of one .
L Fox 1917 .
Show me control here again . The
reference in that conversation to the
3rd unidentified object , of course ,
uh , was , or the 3rd object . Was
a bogey . There were several references
to the bogey . This is the unidentified
object in addition to particles which
appeared to be . Headed in a polar
orbit , you heard Frank Borman say .
Plus , uh , Jim Lowell discussing the ,
the booster . It was , uh , Bormann who
reported sighting the bogey .
Uh , this is Germany Control Houston at ,
uh , 4 hours , 24 minutes into the
flight .